== Skirm Design ==
Turn-based tactical modern warfare simulator in ASCII, top down format, built
with Rust.

=== Overview ===
Play loop will go like this:
 * Choose four prebuilt characters with differing stats
 * Equip them with gear with a fixed amount of money to spend
 * Choose a map
 * Turn based fight loop:
    * Move
    * Actions
    * Left over move/action
 * Damage gets you money that accumulates over matches

=== Movement ===
 * Walk - normal move that doesn't incur any accuracy penalties
 * Run - fast move that incurs accuracy penalty
 * Climb - slow move that requires the character put away anything in their
   hands
 * Jump

=== Actions ===
 * Attack
    * Fallout/DF style of hit percentage/body part kind of attacks
    * Auto attack (right click) should choose highest hit percentage part
    * Hold
    * Push/Pull
 * Use special items:
    * Throwables
    * Shields
    * Really random items

=== Character ===
The goal is to simulate health in a realistic way, tracking blood loss, pain
level, shock, etc. Close to but maybe not quite the DF level of simulation: I
think we can track bone and skin/muscle information to have fights that are
"real enough".

 * ASCII art for each attack quickly shows current status and damage dealt to
   part, maybe with a cool animation for attacks
 * Fixed number of "slots" per body part for wearables
 * Current movement speed (fixed if walking, increases to some max while
   running)
 * Stats:
     * STR - blood volume, resistance to shock, melee attack, push/pull/hold,
       pain resistance
     * DEX -

=== Interface ===
 * Designed to be keyboard- or mouse-driven
 * Mouse select/command should be similar to War/Starcraft:
    * Left click to select for info or action
    * Right click for some autocommand like move-to or attack-with-held-item

=== Gear ===
 * Gear should be real-world stuff: guns, melee weapons, tools, armor, etc. Should
   be defined via .ron
 * Display gear images with `txtpic` or similar tool.

=== Drawing ===
 * Use SDL2 or `ggez` to draw fonts. Similar to COGMIND, use square font for play
   area and regular sized monospace for interface.
 * For multi-z-level maps, display similar to TWBT DF, with "fog" making each
   lower level more and more hazy and shadows at visible z-level changes.
 * Tile based, drawn on a grid
 * Smooth movement between grid tiles, fixed location endpoints on grid

=== Visual Effects ===
 * Bullet
 * Explosion
 * Shield
 * Blood
 * Excrement? (vomit, piss, feces, due to pain?)

=== Sounds ===
 * Ambient
 * Gunshot
     * Single fire
     * Burst fire
 * Explosion
 * Taken damage
     * Armored
     * Unarmored
 * Walk
 * Crawl
 * Run
 * Melee
     * Pierce
     * Slash
     * Blunt

=== Interactions with Map ===
 * Shoot through walls
 * Explosions remove walls
 * Dig hole
 * Build barricade

=== Ambient ===
 * Bystanders in populated areas
 * Animals in rural areas

== Project Work ==
 * [ ] Menus
 * [ ] Movement
     * [ ] Move speeds
     * [ ] Climbing
     * [ ] Jumping
 * [ ] Action
     * [ ] Fallout/DF style attacks
 * [ ] Character/Stats
 * [ ] Equipment
 * [ ] Map
     * [ ] 3d
     * [ ] Shoot through walls
     * [ ] Explosions remove walls
     * [ ] Dig hole
     * [ ] Build barricade
 * [ ] Effects
     * [ ] Explosion
     * [ ] Shield
     * [ ] Blood
 * [ ] Sound
     * [ ] Ambient
     * [ ] Gunshot
         * [ ] Single fire
         * [ ] Burst fire
     * [ ] Explosion
     * [ ] Taken damage
         * [ ] Armored
         * [ ] Unarmored
     * [ ] Walk
     * [ ] Crawl
     * [ ] Run
     * [ ] Melee
         * [ ] Pierce
         * [ ] Slash
         * [ ] Blunt
 * [ ] World building
     * [ ] Bystanders in populated areas
     * [ ] Animals in rural areas
 * [ ] Multiplayer
